Toast study group (#1)
jackbsteinberg/std-toast: README.md

# std-toast

> This document scopes out a new HTML element for a 'toast' pop-up notification.

Reviewer: Maybe stay more general at this stage, and go with "web platform API" instead of "HTML element".

Author: Got it
```suggestion
This document scopes out a web platform API for a 'toast' pop-up notification.
```
